c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\MvxLab.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\MvxLab.Droid.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\MvxLab.Droid.pdb
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\MvxLab.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\MvxLab.Droid.apk
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\MvxLab.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.CrossCore.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.CrossCore.Droid.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Binding.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Binding.Droid.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Droid.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Localization.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\MvxLab.Core.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\MvxLab.Core.pdb
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\MvxLab.Droid.dll
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\MvxLab.Droid.pdb
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\MvxLab.Droid.apk
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\bin\Debug\MvxLab.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\home.xml
c:\users\patilsu5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\mvxbindingattributes.xml
C:\Users\patilsu5\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\patilsu5\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\custom_btn_radio.xml
C:\Users\patilsu5\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\popup_layout.xml
C:\Users\patilsu5\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\popupsample.xml
C:\Users\patilsu5\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\customradiobackground.xml
C:\Users\patilsu5\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\radioselectedstate.xml
C:\Users\patilsu5\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvxLab\MvxLab.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\radionormalstate.xml
